Previously on Vikings...
The gods desire you
to have a great future.
Hail. Earl Ragnar!
How will we ever be
equal now. my brother?
I am with child again.
I know you're a boy. my son.
We have to leave here. They
will shun us like a bad smell.
No one will force
you to go anywhere.
They wouldn't dare.
I have been a
warrior all my life.
I beg you. Lord.
gift me the chance to
die with honor in battle.
Let's take him with us.
Aye.
Are these pagans
not men. like we are?
Do they not bleed
when they are cut?
Let us prepare to
defend ourselves.
They are not welcome
in my kingdom.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Make way there! Come
on! Make way! Make way!
Brother!
Brother! Where are you?
Aethelwulf?
Thank God you are come.
What on Earth made
you think I would not. sire?
No. I never doubted
you. but others...
Our own youngest
brother fled to Mercia.
He was always
the runt of the litter.
Our parents should've
drowned him at birth.
Where are the heathens now?
Only one. perhaps two days away.
And your forces are
ready and armed?
Yes. if you are
ready to lead them.
I would regard it
a great honor. sire.
to defend our kingdom
and our homeland.
And there's no man
better. Lord Aethelwulf.
The poets sing your
battle praises in the halls.
That's because I paid them.
If you paid them. they'd
sing your praises too.
That's poets for you.
My Lady. pray. have
you no time for laughter?
No. My Lord
Aethelwulf. only for fear.
How soon will they come?
Soon enough.
I hope so. I can't
wait for Valhalla.
Good day to you. folk.
What is the problem here?
The problem is her.
What has she done?
She has had a child.
the boy in her arms.
What of it?
He's not my child.
We tried for many years to
have children but without success.
And then. just over a year ago.
a young man came to the door.
I remember the day.
I was making a loom.
The young man said
his name was Rig.
He gave us some good advice on
our work and stayed at our house.
After three days. he left.
and then nine months
later. she gave birth to a son.
Whose child is it?
I do not know. My Lady.
We were all in the same bed.
I was too scared... You see?
She is not an honest woman.
She had sex with Rig
and could not bring
herself to tell me the truth!
Do you know who this Rig was?
No. he was just a young man.
On the contrary.
We know from our ancient stories
that Rig is another
name for Heimdall.
The god Heimdall? My Lady!
Yes. the god Heimdall!
You are fortunate that he chose
your household to appear in.
That's just a story.
Our whole lives
are just stories.
You should be ashamed
you did not trust your wife.
despite the joy and
comfort she has brought you.
and the fact that a god
chose you of all people to visit.
Do not punish her.
but rejoice with her.
drink wine with her.
and sacrifice one of your
animals to Heimdall the god.
But if I hear you have harmed
this woman or this child.
you will answer for it to me.
It seems they intend
to stay here a while.
I had not expected that.
My Lord. why don't we attack?
They have a strong position.
Perhaps if we can make them
leave their position and attack us.
How could we force
them to do that?
They're scavengers.
little more than beasts.
We must be able
to out-think them.
If we leave it much longer.
they'll be even better dug-in.
My Lord. if a wolf comes
into your sheep fold.
you don't try to out-think it.
You go in and
drive it away or kill it!
How dare you argue with me?
Lord Aethelwulf. forgive
us. We only meant...
I know what you meant.
You meant that you're already
greater warriors than I am.
although only yesterday
you were still green
sucking on your
mothers' breasts.
Go do your jobs. Set up camp.
You see them up there?
Yes. I can see them.
What're we waiting for?
To see what they'll do.
So you want to hand
them the initiative?
We can't afford to lose half our
men by being stupid and attacking.
We wait until the
odds are in our favor.
Ah...
Awake! Awake! Under attack!
Arm yourselves!
Rise! Rise!
Throw! Throw!
Odin!
They're on us! Weapons!
My Lord! We're being attacked!
Amen.
Who are you?
I'm Lord Aethelwulf.
brother of King Aelle.
You are the brother of the
King. yet you lead his army?
Hmm.
Does he send you
to fight all his battles?
In the bedroom too?
Ragnar! Come and see!
Their iron is stronger
and better than ours.
And we've captured a
dozen of their horses.
I'm hungry already.
What ails you. my friend?
The gods won't lift my curse.
I am fated to live forever
on this miserable Earth.
Who is this?
This?
This is the King's brother.
What do you say?
Shall we go visit the King?
God help us! My
brother defeated. dead.
God help Northumbria.
Sire. we do not know
if your brother is dead.
But we do know. My
Lord. that he was defeated!
Who are these
barbarians. these savages?
Why have they
come to torment us?
Sire. some learned
and wise men say
that these Northmen
have been sent here by God
to punish our people for their
many sins and transgressions.
That we have departed
from the path of righteousness
that our lord set out. so now he
is holding us to terrible account.
Forgive me. sire.
but what if God has not sent
these Northmen here to plague us?
Then who has. pray?
Could it not. sire. rather
be the work of the devil?
Go on then. My Lord.
What is your advice?
My advice. sire. is that. as we
are facing the forces of Satan.
we must resist
them at all costs.
Even at the cost of all
our lives if necessary.
For evil cannot be accommodated
nor yet ever bargained with.
Aye!
Sire. if I might speak?
I put it to you that it might be
that these pagans have come
here by their own account.
and that they are neither
of God nor the devil.
They are just savage men
more interested in robbery and
plunder than in matters of the spirit.
- Then what is your advice?
- Listen to him.
Sire. since they
have come for gain.
then let us offer them enough
money or whatever else they desire
to Go away and
leave us in peace!
Shame! Shame on
you! Shame on you!
He is right! Why
waste more blood?
Let's pay them off! - Foolish!
My Lords. let me think
on it just a little while.
In the meantime. let it be known
I have sent envoys out
to raise more men to arms
for our use if need be.
Long live the King!
Contend. O Lord. against
those who contend with me.
Fight against those
who fight against me.
Draw the spear and
javelin against my pursuers.
Say to my soul. "I
am your salvation."
Sire. they are here.
Greetings.
King Aelle invites your leader
to meet him in his Villa to talk.
Who is your leader?
The King did not know that
his brother was still alive.
He would like to talk to you
about what he can give you
to set his brother free.
Do you accept the
King's invitation?
Where are you going?
We should attack
while they are weak.
How long will it take them
to raise another army?
"Attack. attack. attack!"
That's all he ever says.
I want to talk to the King.
What is there to talk about?
Imagine the treasures the
King keeps in his household.
I want them.
I want to see how he lives.
what manner of men they are.
and I'm hungry.
Listen to me.
if we agree to
walk into his house.
he can kill each
and every one of us.
You forget. we hold
his brother hostage.
Why should he care
about his brother?
Do I not care about mine?
They're coming.
My Lord Eadric.
Sire. this man is
Ragnar Lothbrok.
his brother Rollo.
and their companions.
Yes. Ragnar Lothbrok.
We've heard that name before.
We are pleased you
have decided to talk to us.
Perhaps. sire. you should
invite them to eat first.
Forgive me.
Let us feast together
and then talk.
The King!
Ragnar Lothbrok.
may I present my wife.
Ealswith. and my son. Egbert.
Hello.
Go on now.
We need more.
In the name of the Father. and of
the Son. and of the Holy Spirit. amen.
Amen. Amen.
Shall we talk. King?
Very well.
What do you want
for the safe return of my brother
and for leaving my kingdom?
Is he a priest?
He's a bishop of our church.
a man of God.
I too have a man of God at home.
Two thousand pounds
in gold and silver.
What did he say?
How much?
Two thousand pounds.
I do not think I heard you
properly. Ragnar Lothbrok.
Hmm.
Two thousand pounds in weight.
That is the price.
I agree to the terms.
Good.
But first. you must
return my brother.
When we receive payment.
you shall have your brother.
You must give me time to
collect such a vast amount.
And in the meantime.
you and your men must
remain in your camp
and make no further attacks
on my people or their property.
Agreed.
Sire! How can we trust
the word of a pagan?
Let me baptize one of them.
There is one further condition.
I desire that either you
or one of your companions
agrees to be
baptized into our faith.
That way. I can make peace
with a friend and fellow Christian.
and not an enemy.
You want one of us to
become Christian? Yes.
Tostig!
I will be Christian.
My Lady Lagertha.
I hope you can
find it in your heart
to speak to the
wife of the late Earl.
Of course. Hello. Siggy.
Please sit down and join us.
Wait! Earl Haraldson
tried to kill my father.
I know. And if he had succeeded.
I would be standing
where Siggy's standing now.
So what would you
like me to say to her?
I would ask her to sit down.
Thank you.
What can I do for you?
It is what I can do for you.
I want to serve you.
That is not necessary.
I remember very well how I
served the father of my church.
and it did me no harm.
In fact. I found in service
a great freedom and honor.
When I accepted that I
should forget about myself
and serve Father Cuthbert.
well. then I became happy.
If it's really what you
want. I accept your offer.
Thank you.
You and your daughter
are now under my protection.
but I will never treat
you as a servant.
O Lord. Holy Father.
almighty and eternal God.
expel the devil and
his kin from this person.
from the head. from the hair.
from the brain. from the brow.
from the ears.
from the nostrils.
from the mouth. from
beneath the tongue.
from the throat. from the neck.
from the chest. from the heart.
from the entire
interior of the body.
from the thoughts. from the
words. and from the deeds.
in the name of
Jesus Christ our Lord.
Amen.
I anoint thee
in the name of the Father and
of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
I now pronounce you
baptized and born again
with the new
Christian name of Rolf.
May the Lord bless
you and keep you
from this day hence and forever.
Amen.
We have witnessed
a true miracle.
Now I ask you to
fulfill your promises.
Return to your ships and
await your payment in peace.
Agreed. Ragnar Lothbrok?
What is it?
I can't sleep.
Come here beside me. daughter.
What worries you?
I fear for father so far away.
Our lives are fated. Gyda.
We all have to accept that.
I can feel it moving
underneath my hand.
Mmm-hmm. He has a strong kick.
He? Are you so sure it's a boy?
A long time ago.
the Seer prophesized
that your father
would have many sons.
That's how I know it's a boy.
Now sleep.
I won again.
Well done. Rolf.
What's wrong with you. Floki?
There's nothing wrong with me.
I did not renounce the
gods in front of everyone.
It was a joke.
I didn't believe it.
I didn't even know what
the old fool was saying.
It doesn't matter. Surely.
you've made them very angry.
Don't be stupid.
No. you are the stupid one
to risk the wrath of the gods.
How will you ever get
Odin to forgive you now?
They're here! Come and see!
They're empty.
Move back!
Reform!
My men!
Regroup!
Odin!
Valhalla.
How many Christians
did I kill. Floki?
How many?
Do you think Odin is
still angry with me now?
Whoo!
It seems your brother. the King.
does not care
if you live or die.
If you let me talk to him. I will
persuade him to honor his pledge.
Why should I not
just kill you now?
Then you'll have nothing
left to bargain with.
I have this.
Open!
Open the gate!
I swear before God almighty.
I declare war eternal on the
Northman Ragnar Lothbrok.
I swear to our Lord Jesus
Christ and to the Blessed Virgin.
one day. I will
avenge myself on him
and bring him to
justice and to death.
so help me God.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm